# [codeCrushers]
This following is a very simple team meeting template. You should expand it based on the scope and nature of your discussion.

## Team Meeting [5] - Week [9] - [6/5/2023] (3-5:30pm)
**Absent:** N/A
<br>
**Lead/scribe: Judy Xie

## Agreed Procedure
1. For member who is not able to finish the work / do not have the ability to complete their task individually:
    - Please browse online to get the same issue, and learn how they fix this kind of issue.
    - Please tell the other group members **ASAP**, the earlier you told, the better this issue will be fixed.
    - If possible, another member in the group may help you finish your task(not coding directly), the member who help this member should give a brifely explaination / teaching process to help this member use his/her own knowledge to solve the issue individually.

2. For member who gets sick / meets unforeseen incidents which prevent from work:
    - Please told the other group members **ASAP**, the earlier you told, the better the other member will help you.
    - The others will re-separate this personâ€™s work base on the workload of their own work.
    - This member will be reseparate other task including the report, presentation and etc.

## Agenda Items
| Number | Item |
| :-- | ---: |
| 1 | Continue working on assigned tasks |
| 2 | Report everyone's progress regarding their parts |
| 3 | Prepare materials on report writing |
| 4 | Assign work to those who had finished their tasks |

## Meeting Minutes
3:00 - Discuss everyone's current progress, what difficulties are they facing, or if they need any extra help regarding their parts.

3:30 - Program new classes/activities/fragments while making sure everyone agrees with its layout, design, and its compabilities with exisiting code.

4:30 - Discuss about report writing, what everyone should include on their parts, word count, etc.

5:00 - Assign work to those who have more time on their hands to speed up the progress.

## TODO Items
| Task | Assignee |
| :-- | ---: |
| Continue working on respective parts | Everyone |
| Design bookshelf UI | Mengyao Xu |
| Fix dashboard compabilities with other app items | Jenny Lin |
| Flashcards main page and deck | Judy Xie |
| Fix login and signup system + design | Sunny Zhang + Jiaying Li|

## Scribe Rotation
The following dictates who will be scribe in this and the next meeting.
| Name |
| :---: |
| Jiaze Lin |
| Sunny Zhang |
| Jiaying Li |
| Mengyao Xu |
